= iframe =

Nested browsing context, effectively embedding another HTML page into current
page. Each browsing context has its own session history and active document.

Parent browsing context:: browsing context that contains the embedded content

The top-level browsing context (which has no parent) is typically the browser
window.


== Attributes ==

name
	Name for the embedded browsing context. This can be used as the value
	of the `target` attribute of an `<a>` or `<form>` element, or the
	`formtarget` attribute of an `<input>` or `<button>` element.

sandbox
	HTML5 only. Enables extra restrictions on the content that can appear
	in the inline frame. The value of the attribute can either be an empty
	string (all the restrictions are applied), or a space-separated list of
	tokens that life particular restrictions.	
	Not supported in IE 9 or earlier.
	
src

referrerpolicy
	Experimental according to MDN?


== Scripting ==

Inline frames enter the `window.frames` pseudo-array.
From the DOM `iframe` element, scripts can get access to the `window` object of
the included HTML page via the `contentWindow` property. The `contentDocument`
property refers to the document element inside the iframe, equivalent to
`contentWindow.document`.

From the inside of a frame, a script can get a reference to the parent window
via `Window.parent`.

Scripts trying to access a frame's content, and scripts inside a frame trying
to access its parent window, are both subject to the same-origin policy.
Cross-domain communication can still be achieved with `Window.postMessage()`.
